*** ASSIGNMENT --13 : Switch case control ***
1. Write a program which takes the month number as an input and display number of days in that month.
2. Write a menu driven program with the following options:
   1. Addition  2.Substraction  3.Multiplication    4.Division  5.Exit
3. Write a program which takesthe day number of a week and displays a unique greeting message for the day.
4. Write a menu driven program with the following options:
    1. check whether a given set of three numbers are lengths of an isosceles triangle or not.
    2. check whether a given set of three numbers are lengths of sides of a right angled triangle or not.
    3. check whether a given set of three numbers are equilateral triangle or not.
    4. exit
5. Convert the following if-else-if construct into switch case:

    if (var == 1)
          printf("good");
    else if (var == 2)
          printf("better");
    else if (var == 3)
          printf("best");
    else
          printf("Invalid");

6. Write a program to find and display grade obtained by student in a test .Grading Specifications are as follows:
    - Marks from 90 to 100 : Grade A
    - Marks from 80 to less than 90 : Grade B
    - Marks from 70 to less than 80 : Grade C
    - Marks from 60 to less than 70 : Grade D
    - Marks from 50 to less than 60 : Grade E
    - Marks below 50 : Grade F
    - Marks Greater than 100 or less than 0 :Invalid Marks

7. Write a menu driven program with the following option:
    1. Factorial of a number
    2. Check Even and Odd
    3. Area of Circle
    4. Sum of first N natural numbers
    5. Exit

8. Write a program to check whether a given character is uppercase alphabet or lowercase alphabet 
    or some other special character,using switch case statement.
9. Write a program to check whether a given character is vowel or consonant or some other special 
    character,using switch case statement.
10. Write a menu driven program with the following options:
    1. Calculate LCM of two numbers.
    2. Calculate sum of the digits of a number
    3. Volume of a cuboid